(Olivia Hye doing lip sync for her solo scene!)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / yyxy - love4eva (feat. Grimes)"
Yves: Don't do that 'kidney' part~
Yves: love4eva ~ even my kidney is pounding
Yves: Look at this. If you say 'kidney' in this part, it looks so weird.
(The leader of LOOΠΔ / yyxy, Yves takes care of Olivia Hye carefully!)
Yves: So she needs to sing like this
Yves: 'love4eva~ (even my kidney) is pounding~'
(And Olivia Hye is doing without saying 'kidney' like what Yves said!)
Olivia Hye: The most difficult thing in the MV filming is doing lip sync!
Olivia Hye: To be honest, facial expressions are really difficult...
Yves: You looked so pretty on screen!
(Yves whispered praise to Olivia Hye's ear!)
Olivia Hye: (Cute wolf) My ear is purified!
Yves: Olivia Hye was always cute~!
Chuu: Right~
Olivia Hye: I actually wasn't going for cute.
Olivia Hye: But I definitely did try multiple angles
Olivia Hye: So, I could do it a little bit easily!
(It's time to show off your cuteness, Olivia Hye!)
(One more time!)
(She suddenly feels ashamed even though she already did all!)
Olivia Hye: Please edit it out!